Sustainable Demographic Projections for the (NAC) New Administrative Capital:
A 25-Year Outlook

Gemini-Pro prompt



Create a python code to generate a simulated CSV dataset for residences, for the new capital in Egypt, from 2025-2050, regarding the following aspects:
-	Target population density or Projected population density is 12.32%.
- A total of 6.5 million residents by 2050.
-	The residence count will be 400,000 by the end of 2026, according to ACUD's Egypt projections.
-	Use socio-economic rules.
-	Use these websites to identify the Income per year of each career (Bayt, Paylab Egypt, Glassdoor, Payscale, SalaryExpert, TalentUp).
fields to be included: 
1-	Age (newborn up to 100 years), use the following percentages
-	Main Age Groups 
According to the United Nations and World Bank data (for the period 2025/2026), the population is divided into three main categories:
i.	Children (0 - 14 years): Constitute approximately 32% of the total population.
ii.	Working-age population (15 - 64 years): Constitutes the largest segment, reaching up to 63%. This reflects a massive workforce and significant productive potential (known as the demographic window).
iii.	Elderly (65 years and over): Their percentage is only about 5%, which is relatively low compared to developed countries.
iv.	Important Demographic Indicators for 2026
o	Median Age: The median age in Egypt is 24.7 years. This means that half of Egypt's population is younger than 24.7 years, and the other half is older, which confirms the youthfulness of the Egyptian society.
o	Youth Percentage: More than 51% of the total population is under the age of 25.
o	Dependency Ratio: With 63% of the population in the working age, the dependency ratio is considered moderate, as approximately every two individuals of working age support one individual from the non-working age groups (children or the elderly).

2-	Year of Birth.
3-	Year of Death.
4-	Gender Distribution The ratio between males and females is very close, with a slight majority of males:
I.	Males: (about 50.5%).
II.	Females: (about 49.5%).
5-	Career (consider the most in-demand majors and fields).
6-	Income per year.
7-	Residence site.
8-	Type of residence.
9-	Real estate ID (الرقم القومي للعقار).
10-	Marital status uses the average marriage age:
I.	Average age of the husband: 30.6 - 31
II.	Average age of the wife: 24.8 - 25.2
11-	Number of family members: The average family size is approximately 3.9 (male, female, and two children) 
  - Join the family members by the real estate ID.
12-	Education in the case of an undergraduate:
I.	Which Grade?
II.	Type of education(school).
III.	University Major. (consider the most in-demand majors and fields)
13-	Health percent.
14-	Health condition requires a hospital bed (0, 1).
15-	Health Condition title contains Cardiovascular Services: Includes cardiac catheterization, open-heart surgeries, and the management of arterial and valve diseases in cardiac intensive care units (ICUs). Oncology Services: Includes diagnosis, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and specialized surgeries for tumor removal. Neurology: Treatment of nervous system diseases, strokes, and electrical disorders of the brain. Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation: Restoring mobility after strokes and joint surgeries, as well as treating muscle weakness and back pain. (Typically, outpatient, though severe cases may require an inpatient rehab facility). Specialized Medical Councils: Medical examinations for people with disabilities for specially equipped vehicles, tripartite committee reports, and state-funded treatment services. Mental Health: Treatment of depression, anxiety, and chronic psychological disorders. (Generally managed in outpatient clinics). Ophthalmology and Surgeries: Vision correction, lens implantation, and retinal surgeries. (Virtually all are day-surgeries requiring no overnight bed). Specialized Dentistry: Dental prosthetics and implants, gum treatment, and orthodontics.
16-	Have in house solar system (0 or 1).
17-	Have Air Condition (0 or 1).
18-	Electricity consumption average per month by KW.
19-	Average monthly gas consumption in cubic meters.
20-	Carbon footprint.
21-	Monthly Energy Consumption.
22-	Green Fuel Vehicle Ownership. 
23-	Public Transit Green Fuel Usage.
24-	Transportation type.
- Consider the CAPMAS Egypt reports and ratios (demographic analysis)
- Divide the result into files not exceeding 100 MP
- Consider Water and foods 
- Adding any field would be important for prediction analysis and sustainable development.
- Inject some missing values, outliers, lower and upper cases not exceeding of 3% of the total result to handle the pre-processing cleaning.
